# Project Standup Meeting Report |                          | **Names/Ids**  | |-------------------------:|:---------------| | *Project Name:*          |  Moodify™              | | *Meeting Date:*          |  01-10-2020              | | *Present Team members:*  |  Victor Kampen, Hyeon Kyeong Kim, Priya Naguine, Marieke Romeijn, Puru Vaish, Joep Vorage               | | *Team ID:*               |  Team 08              | | *Scrum  Master:*         |  Victor Kampen              | | *Scrum  Mentor:*         |  Chakshu Gupta                |  ## Meeting questions **Example questions: What did you finish yesterday?, What will you do today?, Any obstacles?   Answers: Yesterday: ..., Today: ..., Obstacle (if any)?** | **Team Members' Name (Student ID)** | **Meeting Questions** | **Response**  | |-------------------------------------|-----------------------|---------------| | Victor Kampen      (s2546612)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles? | 1. Worked on the Software Design document and the Team Contract. <br> 2. Is going to discuss with the team if he should present the upcoming presentation or write part of the (mockup) code. Is also going to keep working on the Software Design document. <br> 3. Had personal issues with his landlord (involving a potential court case). Shared this before the meeting in detail and during the meeting in short.              | | Hyeon Kyeong Kim   (s2112019)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles?| 1. Worked on the group contract and made some changes on the documents the group worked on previously -according to the updated template. <br> 2. She is going take care of the Mock up for the next sprint (09/10/2020) <br> 3. No issues encountered.              | | Priya Naguine      (s2315653)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles?| 1. Worked on the group contrat and software design product. <br> 2. Will work on the software design product. <br> 3. No issues encountered.             | | Marieke Romeijn    (s1992988)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles?| 1. Worked on team contract, started working on software design document. <br> 2. Work on software design document. <br> 3. No issues encoutered.              | | Puru Vaish         (s2236141)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles?| 1. Gave a technical design demo, on how a possible communication flow could take place between the raspberry pi and the user. <br> 2. The software design document, along with the team. <br> 3. No issues encountered.              | | Joep Vorage        (s2172968)                 | 1. What did you do before the meeting? <br> 2. What will you do today? <br> 3. Did you find any obstacles?| 1. Updated team contract strengths and weaknesses and worked on software design document. <br> 2. Is going to continue working on the software design document. <br> 3. No issues encountered.           |

