|     **Meeting Date**     |    14-9-2020                          |
|:------------------------:|:----------------------------:|
| **Present Team Members** |    Victor Kampen, Hyeon Kyeong Kim, Priya Naguine, Marieke Romeijn, Puru Vaish, Joep Vorage                          |
|     **Scrum Master**     |                              |
|     Team Member Name     | Answers of Meeting questions |
| Victor Kampen            |[1] Proposed an idea for the project - light bulb that is controlled by a (day)light sensor.  [2] Is going to set up his gitlab account as he found an issue of logging in.  [3] Had issues signing up in gitlab.                |
| Hyeon Kyeong Kim         |[1] Have looked for some ideas for the project. However, they were not publically discussed as they are going to be announced during the meeting later on.  [2] Is going to work on the individual assignment due 18th of September, and will decide on the project.  [3]  No issues so far.               |
| Priya Naguine            |[1] Tried to come up with project-ideas before the meeting. [2] After scrum meeting, going to discuss with the group the ideas and work on the scrum assignment. No obstacles. [3] No issues so far.                |
| Marieke Romeijn          |[1] Thought about some ideas, but nothing concrete.   [2] Going to discuss with the group about project ideas and work on scrum assignments [3]  No issues so far.               |
| Puru Vaish               |[1] Thinking about project ideas, but nothing concrete.  [2] Going to discuss about project ideas and work on scrum assignments, and will set up the Gitlab according to the changes of instructions. [3] No issues so far.                |
| Joep Vorage              |[1] Came up with some ideas for the project. [2] Discuss with group on the ideas and work on his own answers to the scrum assignment for 18th. [3] So far, he didn't encounter any obstacles.                |
